feat: compilation for JVM (#4766)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/multiplatform/multiplatform-configure-compilations.md

You also need to create a custom compilation in other cases, for example, if you want to combine compilations for different 
JVM versions in your final artifact, or you have already set up source sets in Gradle and want to migrate to a multiplatform project.

## Compilation for JVM

When you declare the `jvm` target in your multiplatform project, the Kotlin Multiplatform plugin automatically
creates Java sources sets and includes them in the compilations of the JVM target.

The common source sets can't include Java resources, so you should place them in the corresponding child directories
of your multiplatform project. For example:

![Java source files](java-source-paths.png){width=200}

Currently, the Kotlin Multiplatform plugin replaces some tasks configured by the Java plugin:

* JAR task: instead of a standard `jar`, it uses a target-specific task based on the artifact's name, for example,
  `jvmJar` for the `jvm()` target declaration and `desktopJar` for `jvm("desktop")`.
* Test task: instead of a standard `test`, it uses a target-specific task based on the artifact's name, for example, `jvmTest`.

> * Resource processing: instead of `*ProcessResources` tasks, resources are handled by the equivalent compilation tasks.

Reviewer: "Equivalent" means "having a similar effect", which may fit here, but I'm not sure if that's what you meant.

```suggestion
* Resource processing: instead of `*ProcessResources` tasks, resources are handled by the corresponding compilation tasks.
```

and configure it if necessary:

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Kotlin" group-key="kotlin">

```kotlin
// Shared module's `build.gradle.kts` file
plugins {
    kotlin("multiplatform") version "%kotlinVersion%"
}

kotlin {
    // Specify the JVM target
    jvm {
        // Add the task for JAR generation
        tasks.named<Jar>(artifactsTaskName).configure {
            // Configure the task
        }
    }

    sourceSets {
        jvmMain {
            dependencies {
                // Add JVM-specific dependencies
            }
        }
    }
}
```

</tab>
<tab title="Groovy" group-key="groovy">

```groovy
// Shared module's `build.gradle` file
plugins {
    id 'org.jetbrains.kotlin.multiplatform' version '%kotlinVersion%'
}

kotlin {
    // Specify the JVM target
    jvm {
        // Add the task for JAR generation
        tasks.named<Jar>(artifactsTaskName).configure {
            // Configure the task
        }
    }

    sourceSets {
        jvmMain {
            dependencies {
                // Add JVM-specific dependencies
            }
        }
    }
}
```

</tab>
</tabs>

> The publication of this target is handled by the Kotlin Multiplatform plugin and doesn't require steps that are specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This target is published by the Kotlin Multiplatform plugin and doesn't require steps that are specific
```
